Go Client API (#2497)
deephaven/deephaven-core: go-client/README.md

# Deephaven Go Client

This is a Go package that provides a client interface for [Deephaven Community Core](https://github.com/deephaven/deephaven-core).

> Details on usage can be found in the examples and in the documentation (both listed below).

Reviewer: We should have a link to the godoc published on our web once that action is created.

## Setup

First, you will need a working Go install (1.13+ is required; so apt-get is often too outdated).
It can be installed from [the official site](https://go.dev/doc/install).

In order to run tests or examples, a Deephaven server must be running. 
To run a server, follow the instructions [here](https://github.com/deephaven/deephaven-core#run-deephaven).

## Tests

To run tests, simply run the following command from this folder.
```

> $ go test -v ./...

Reviewer: go testing needs to be in gradle.

```
All tests should pass within 10 seconds.
Tests assume the server is on `localhost:10000` by default, but can be configured by setting the `DH_HOST` and `DH_PORT` environment variables.

## Examples

> This project also includes a several example binaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project also includes several example applications.
```

> Examples assume the server is running on `localhost:10000`.

Reviewer: Should the examples also use DH_HOST and DH_PORT?  I could go either way.

Reviewer: Does the hard-coded `localhost:10000` work in CI?  I'm guessing no.

# Deephaven Go Client

This is a Go package that provides a client interface for [Deephaven Community Core](https://github.com/deephaven/deephaven-core).
Details on usage can be found in the examples and in the documentation (both listed below).

## Setup

First, you will need a working Go install (1.13+ is required; so apt-get is often too outdated).
It can be installed from [the official site](https://go.dev/doc/install).

In order to run tests or examples, a Deephaven server must be running. 
To run a server, follow the instructions [here](https://github.com/deephaven/deephaven-core#run-deephaven).

## Tests

To run tests, simply run the following command from this folder.
```

> $ go test -v ./...

Author: Also see #2523 for the tracking issue for this.

```
All tests should pass within 10 seconds.

> Tests assume the server is on localhost:10000 by default, but can be configured by setting the DH_HOST and DH_PORT environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tests assume the server is on `localhost:10000` by default, but can be configured by setting the `DH_HOST` and `DH_PORT` environment variables.
```

## Examples

This project also includes a several example binaries.

> Examples assume the server is running on localhost:10000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples assume the server is running on `localhost:10000`.
```

> An example can be run using the following command:
> ```
> $ go run ./examples/import_table
> ```
> Other valid paths for examples are
> - `./examples/query`
> - `./examples/fetch_table`
> - `./examples/import_table`
> - `./examples/input_table`
> - `./examples/run_script`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example can be run using one of the following command:
```bash
$ go run ./examples/import_table
$ go run ./examples/query
$ go run ./examples/fetch_table
$ go run ./examples/import_table
$ go run ./examples/input_table
$ go run ./examples/run_script
```

Reviewer: make sure query gets renamed to basic_query, if that happens.

> The source code is available in the `examples/` directory.

Author: I have removed the `main.go` binary because I realized that each example could be its own binary.
